# SewerRatSoldier
Final repository (hopefully!) for first shmup remix


For my first shmup, I want to make a game called Sewer Rat Cowboy. In the brainstorming phase, Aidan and I were throwing words around and came up with this phrase, which I thought was really interesting and could make for a unique game. I think it'd be fun to have a shooter character that moves around in a sewer system, and as he runs around he's attacked by rats. They could come from the pipes from different directions off the screen and that would be really fun to interact with. If I could figure out how to flood the area that would be pretty cool too, like if there's a random chance a pipe might burst or something. I want it to kind of look like a platformer and be pixelated, so it kind of has an old school look to it. This will just be a 2D shooter, player vs game, and I might add resources or some other kind of challenges eventually. The main goal is to kill the rats before they kill you. 


From playtesting, I learned my game was buggy as hell and one of the prefabs wasn’t quite right so the game was basically unplayable. Since then, I made a ton of changes and reigned myself in to just make a game that at least performs and can be played. The ideas I had during refinement were really fun sounding and maybe I'll be able to incorporate them eventually, but for now I have elements that work and that's good. I changed the sprite from a cowboy to a solider, because my cowboy character didn't really fit with the tone of the game and he stood out amongst the background too much. I also completely re-did the aesthetic look of the game to make custom pixel tilemap where I could customize the look of the space and the location of obstacles and enemies. I added in animations to the player and the rats and managed to get the rats to spawn from both sides of the camera. There are a lot more elements I wish to include going forward, but for now it's a shmup that lets you shoot rats in sewers and that's pretty awesome. 

